# Moth Dream
On the face of it, it’s the story of a moth. A very wise and very old moth. Some say she has lived forever. Others know she may never die, and that touching her will make you dream again. None knew where she had come from, though there was a rumour that she was inhabited by the soul of a lost child, and was filled with the knowledge of many lifetimes.

I was fascinated by this moth. I did not remember what great difficulty drew me to her, but and I approached her home in a tiny nook in a hollowed out tree, grey and blue. Through what felt like many nights I gained her trust, and in the night my spirit left me, and it searched out for her. When I touched her I dreamed her life and the many lives she had lived before her current form -- her latent abilities keeping her alive always, and the small world around her. I slept by the tree that night but felt my soul leave, and with that freedom I explored the world as she saw it. I felt great comfort in her presence, and the defiance against death she represented. Eventually my spirit reached her and her touch gave me great reassurance. She spoke with confidence and kindness about the world and the suffering it had given us, and I knew that with her I could never die.

Eventually, she came to trust me enough, and I agreed to help her with her own problems. She had suffered terribly, and as a last wish, wished to use her powers and form to give the family she once had before she was any of this the opportunity to live life as though they had not died, and allow her to live life as a normal child -- one she had never lived. She was too weak now, though deathless and immortal to leave her tree. Every night I slept by the old tree, and her presence gave me great company, like being home again, as she told me her stories and explained her ways.

On nights when I was scared and I wandered through the dark emptiness I would sometimes lose myself but eventually, I would always find her or she would find me, and her touch and reassuring voice would make me feel whole again.

With her power I drifted through time, and landed, at the home where she once would have lived. I fluttered in the old house, cold, dark and cobwebbed as her tree-home was now, and with what energy she gave me I cast the spell that would bring back the family she once had at her cost. It threw me into a past I never should have seen, as she fought in wars across multiple lives and her body would die but never fail, filled by an orange glow until she abandoned it for the form of a moth. I saw her, once felled by the arrows of an army, her failing body swelled by an orange glow as she could not die

When I returned, I returned to a world unfamiliar and saw my own hands in front of me, in front of the old family house in the sunlight. As I crossed the threshold I saw her mottled white body flutter by me, and I reached out to touch her. I asked what had happened, and why I had not returned. She told me that I was silly, and that she had hidden something from me. I felt her smile. She showed me that in that night all had died, it was not just her soul which had left to wander, but mine too, I, her unborn brother, who had long forgotten her and drifted through the void until I found her tree. She had waited a long time, through many lives to find my spirit. With that, she vanished assumedly into the body of my younger sister, leaving me with only a memory.


